Æ’low - third iteration of a new discussion board concept
========================================================

Because it's never too late.

Forums suck, here's why
-----------------------
Boards are usually subdivided in sections, posts often overlap in various
categories and the denizens of a specific category will end up not liking some
kind of overlap, thus causing drama and distress.

As the thread grows, the topic is bound to change, this is simply because some
kind of discussion might sprout some interesting digress or not strictly
related discussion.

When that happens the thread either dies and changes topic or the discussion is
taken in another thread, which awaits the same fate of the previous.

People tend to not like everyone or every kind of post but moderators can't
be everywhere and sometimes the rules aren't being broken but someone is not
liking where the *board* or the majority of threads are going, and ends up
causing drama and distress.

How to fix the situation
------------------------
Instead of sections there should be flows, every flow has a name and optionally
special attributes, an example could be **anime**, it would be a simple flow,
an example with attributes could be **announcement**, only moderators would be
able to create flows with that name.

Some floats could be implicitly set for certain contexts, for example if you're
posting in italian the **italiano** float would be implicitly set.

With floats the issue of overlapping flows would be solved, but it's nothing
new, they're just tags renamed.

Here comes the difference, any drop within a flow can become a flow itself,
thus becoming a reflow, in this way conversation can keep going and the reflow
can be found. The result would be a continuous flow of discussions that can be
tracked back and forth.

To allow the promotion of a drop to a reflow moderation will be needed, users
can also *create* reflows directly, but promotion to reflow from an already
posted drop needs moderation or some kind of user suggested thing, must think
about this.

Another vital part is self-moderation, users must have the ability to ignore
people, flows and specific topics of discussion, this means the platform has to
provide certain tools to filter effectively.

Another must is anonimity and not forcing registration on users but letting
them choose to register if wanted.

A float could be added to require to be logged in to post.

The registered user should be linked to an email, and the email should be
forcibly verified, if you don't want to register you don't have to, you can
post without an account.

Having an account would give you more features, like keeping track of posts (if
wanted).

It's all about text, fuck images, fuck videos, fuck bullshit like this, there
are other platforms that let you share that kind of multimedia and you can
always link it in the post.

Client side integration of external services should be used, a common syntax to
achieve that should be designed and implemented. This is because existing
services are surely better suited to do what they're made for and it's useless
to keep reinventing the wheel. The point of flow is discussion, not sharing
things.

Nonetheless some services should be suggested to achieve certain features to
provide the material to discuss about.

Moderation
----------
Copying sage from imageboards is a smart solution, we'll have to come up with a
better name tho and teach the community what it's used for. Let's call it
*unimportant* for the time being.

Moderators will only be able to add/change/remove floats from drops and to
change the unimportant status of a drop.

Nobody, I repeat, **nobody** will be able to remove or edit drops' content.

Legend
------
**drop** is a *post* in the common sense.

**flow** is somewhat a *thread*.

**float** is a *tag* in the common sense.
